---
layout: post
title: Giving this blog thing a shot!
---

Hello, World! I've been meaning to start a blog for awhile to track my coding progress. With #CNC2018 starting, I figured now was a great time. So my first post will be focused on the pre-mission assignment!

<em>PRE-MISSION: Reflect on past coding sessions and plan for the future.
GOAL: Understand what has and hasn't worked in past attempts to code more, and start thinking about long and short-term goals.

What has worked? Think about the times you've been happy with what you've coded and jot down three things that went well. Next, jot down three reasons why that was a happy coding session.</em>

<strong>What went well</strong>
  <ol>
    <li>Having clear deadlines - knowing when something is due gives me motivation to finish.</li>
    <li>Keeping to a regular routine. If I miss a morning or day, it's easy to skip the next day.</li>
    <li>Feeling accomplished - not knowing everything going in, but making significant changes after searching and seeing examples.</li>
  </ol>

<em>What has NOT worked? What's a coding moment in the past that didn't turn out the way you hoped? Write down three things that you were unhappy about.</em>

<strong>What hasn't gone well</strong>
  <ol>
    <li>Having an idea in my head but feeling too overwhelmed with my lack of skills to get it done or even started.</li>
    <li>Taking on too much at once - signing up for too many classes and not being able to fully commit.</li>
    <li>Promising something and then finding out I can't do it - feeling like I failed the client.</li>
  </ol>
  
<em>What are your long-term goals? Now let's talk about the future. Your goal is to code more, but what does that look like for you? Write down what you hope to accomplish in 6-12 months (we'll call that long-term for our purposes). Write down your thoughts.</em>

In 6-12 months I'd like to have the skills to develop the aestetically pleasing static web page I have in mind for a client.

<em>What are your short-term goals? We want to help you create healthy coding habits so you can code more on a regular basis. Since this challenge is 5 weeks long, let's focus on goals you can achieve in that timeframe. What do you hope to accomplish by the end of this challenge? How does it relate to your long-term goals in Question 4? Write down your thoughts.</em>

Short term, I'd like to continue learning through the Grow with Google Front-End Dev scholarship I was awarded through Udacity. I really hope to be selected for the continued scholarship afterwards. I also plan to use #CNC2018 as motivation to continue doing a little bit of code and learning every day.
